and here in this we click space and a
half this one with only another space and a half
windows
here an important fact here there are times
in which one puts me in minimized and
when it says leave it then there is a
error and then you can not record nor
nothing has to be in mind
maximized or minimized
on normal or maximized screen I want
propose in normal apply and accept and
now I'm going to cut a moment to do
that even better
Well, we have already opened the halo and
here, well, let me explain
very well then when they have the qantas already
before recording that here you get a
little screen that says fair and they have to
cut everything outside everything that just
stay in the center this is how to leave it
for then there you can record a
I will give you a sample below
Of how
how the games are recorded as
I explained them well, I'm going to repeat them
again if you have not extended this
screen here you get cut out you have to
cut everything just the ball is left
medium
then
Well, we are already here, this is the
proof that it works as you will see
when I cut it, it's like I'm
playing in full screen but to which
not life and this serves to record with
2007 taxis
and well then let's see if they can be
conceived to show them that yes
if they serve without prats as you see,
Numbers come out
but now recording with constancy we're going
to see if we can enter
just a moment
to see how
capture the flag
they killed me young
not only is it punctual
it does not kill me
for the test the red team has the
flag well then here
17 videos but the first death is already
well that 's all here the micro could
121 makes it goodbye and see you soon not
he